---
layout: default
title: Release 2025-05-15
parent : Releases
nav_order: -250515
has_children: true
---
# Release 2025-05-15

## SMS Campaigns

We’re excited to announce the launch of our SMS Campaign feature – a powerful new tool designed to enhance your audience engagement through direct, real-time communication. Whether you're sending service updates or transactional alerts, SMS Campaigns ensure your message gets delivered instantly and effectively.
### Key Features
* **Bulk Messaging**
Reach thousands of recipients with a single click to maximize impact and efficiency.
* **Scheduling**
Plan and automate your SMS campaigns ahead of time to align with your marketing calendar.
* **Delivery Reports**
Get real-time insights into message delivery status—track sent, delivered, and failed messages.
* **Segmentation**
Target your audience based on behavior, location, or preferences to drive better results.
### Use Cases
* **Service Messages**
Send non-promotional updates that provide valuable information and enhance customer experience.
Example: Appointment confirmations, account reminders.
* **Transactional Messages**
Deliver critical, action-triggered messages such as order updates or shipping confirmations.
Example: Order confirmations, delivery status notifications.



## Agent Login & Status
Based upon customer feedback, we have added agent availability and last login, last available information in the User section (Admin/Admin/Users)

#### Agent Status Indicators
Agent availability is now visually represented using intuitive color codes:
1. **Green** – Online
2. **Red** – Offline
3. **Orange** – Away (agent is inactive or away from the system)


#### Agent Activity Timestamps
Additional information has been added to the Admin/Admin/Users page:
1. **Last Login**: Displays the date and time when the agent last logged into the system.
2. **Last Online**: Shows the most recent time the agent was active online.

**Important Note**:
To ensure accurate data is reflected on the Admin Portal, **agents must turn off their availability from the Agent Portal before logging out**. Failure to do so may result in incorrect status display for admins

## Bug Fixes
Bugs observed internally as well as reported by our customers have been fixed.